\phantomsection
\addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{Abstract}
\chapter*{Abstract}
% % There is no page number in abstract
\thispagestyle{empty}

The main goal of the study was to assess the relationship between meteorological factors and \ac{HRV} parameters. This research utilized a unique quantitative long-term dataset of HRV parameters which were derived from daily \ac{ECG} measurement taken while bathing over seven years (July 2017 to July 2024). The ECG data was collected from one healthy adult male aged between 55 and 62 years. Additionally, meteorological factors data corresponding to the ECG measurement days was obtained from the Japan Meteorological Agency's database. This study aimed to investigate what meteorological factors influence HRV parameters and to address inconsistencies among previous studies, which may have resulted from the use of qualitative data. By adapting state space model with regression terms of meteorological factors and second-order trend term, the study accounted for time-dependent patterns in the data to estimate the impacts of meteorological data such as temperature, relative humidity, sea-level atmospheric pressure, precipitation, snowfall, sunshine duration, and wind speed on multiple HRV parameters. Key findings indicated that some of temperature-related, humidity-related, and precipitation-related factors, including mean, maximum, and minimum, were estimated as notable influence factors on HRV parameters by \ac{MAP}. For instance, a 1$\sigma$ increase in a temperature-related factors were associated with a 1.5 bpm (50\% CI:0.7, 2.3) increase in heart rate and 2.2 ms (50\% CI:-3.4, -1.1) decrease in SDNN, which were the largest estimation values in each parameter and showed consistent positive/negative credible intervals. Additionally, a 1$\sigma$ rise in a humidity-related factor was relevant to 3.1 $ms^2$ (50\% CI:-41.3, -3.0) increase in VLF. Furthermore, a 1$\sigma$ increase in a precipitation-related factor corresponded to a 0.09 $ms^2$ (50\% CI: 0.07, 3.43) increase in LF and 0.08 $ms^2$ (50\% CI: 0.06, 3.99) increase in HF. For the other meteorological factors, specifically, some of sea-level pressure-related, snow-related, and wind-related factors showed some moderate MAP estimation values and consistent positive/negative credible intervals. For example, a 1$\sigma$ increase in a snow-related factor was relevant to a 0.3 ms (50\% CI: -0.5, -0.1) decrease in SDNN. A 1$\sigma$ increase in sea-level pressure-related factor corresponded to a 2.6 $ms^2$ (50\% CI: 2.4, 19.4) increase in VLF. Additionally, a 1$\sigma$ increase in a wind-related factor was associated with a 0.4 bpm (50\% CI: -0.5, -0.3) decrease in heart rate. In contrast, sunshine duration showed little to no association with most HRV parameters. These findings suggest that sensitivity to meteorological factors vary across HRV parameters, and temperature, humidity, and precipitation have more effects on HRV parameters compared to the other HRV parameters. Moreover, some of them are related to \ac{ANS} activities, providing valuable insights into environmental influences on health regulation and supporting the results and proposals of previous studies.
