\chapter{Conclusion}

This study aimed to analyze the relationship between meteorological factors and HRV parameters to identify what factors influence fluctuation in HRV parameters. To the best of our knowledge, this is a unique study which investigated the association between them with such a long-term biosignal data as quantitative data. Despite some limitations, our study's results may provide new perspective on the association between them.

As notable results, temperature, relative humidity, and precipitation showed larger impacts on many HRV parameters than the other meteorological factors. Specifically, temperature consistently exhibited a magnificent influence across various HRV parameters, may indicating its relationship with ANS activity. Relative humidity and precipitation also demonstrated considerable effects, suggesting that fluctuations in these factors can meaningfully alter HRV parameters. In contrast, sea-level atmospheric pressure, snowfall, sunshine duration, and wind speed showed relatively smaller impacts in each HRV parameter. Moreover, HR and SDNN were possibly more susceptible to meteorological factors' change compared to other HRV parameters.

These findings could provide valuable insights into future approaches for managing weather-related symptoms. For example, temperature, one of the most influential meteorological factors identified in this study, may act as a stressor for physical regulation. This impact might be controlled by adjusting the ambient temperature in living environments. Additionally, our study provides an objective analytical approach that utilizes quantitative data, promoting consistency and facilitating easier comparisons with other studies. This method allows for more objective assessments of the relationships between meteorological factors and health condition indicators, contributing to the advancement of research in this field.

However, this study has certain limitations. The analysis was based on data from a single individual, which may limit the generalizability of the findings. Future studies with larger and more various participants are needed to validate these results.

