\chapter{Discussion}

The purpose of the study was to analyze the relationship between meteorological factors and HRV parameters. We collected daily ECG data under the specified conditions and meteorological data from the database. Our analysis aimed to identify which factors have an influence on HRV. By identifying meteorological factors that could have an effect on HRV parameters, the authors considered that these findings might provide insights supporting future research on physiological responses to environmental conditions. 

Many researchers have investigated the effects of meteorological factors on certain diseases such as papers mentioned in the introduction, generally utilizing qualitative data sources, including questionnaires and diaries. Few researchers have examined the impact of various meteorological factors on quantitative biological indicators like HRV parameters fluctuations. The effects of weather elements could be analyzed by using SSM, which is capable to account for time-dependent patterns.

Building on these key findings, we interpret the significance of each meteorological factor by exploring how variations correspond to changes in HRV parameters, as indicated by the MAP estimation values. Specifically, a 1-sigma increase in each meteorological factor corresponds to a MAP estimation values change in HRV, providing a basis for assessing the relative influence of each weather element. Below, we discuss the results and their physical implications, focusing on the key meteorological factors and their potential impacts on HRV parameters.

Temperature, including mean, maximum, and minimum values, emerge as a significant factor influencing HRV parameters. For example, for heart rate, a 1-sigma increase in mean and maximum temperature was associated with an increase of MAP estimation value of 1.3-1.5 bpm in heart rate. Additionally, also for several HRV parameters, some statistics of temperature tended to be estimated that the MAP estimation values were larger than the other meteorological factors,implying its impacts for our body condition change were relatively considerable. This suggests that ambient temperature may induce reactions in body thermal regulation such as SNS. In general, temperature shows more substantial effects on our body than other meteorological factors, which might be explained by homeostasis. Keeping our body temperature constantly is essential in human survival, including sweating in human for heat-defense response \cite{Romanovsky_2014}. In many cases, the ambient temperature works as an element which could stress our human body, especially people suffering from certain diseases \cite{Nate_2015}. T. Haritini et al. have examined an association between extreme temperatures and public health in Cyprus, concluding the mortality was strongly associated with high temperature weather \cite{Haritini_2016}. Based on those previous studies, this study's results were consistent with them and reasonable.

Relative humidity, including mean and minimum, showed relatively larger estimation values. For instance, a 1-sigma increase in mean relative humidity would be related to an increase 0.6 ms for SDNN. Although the MAP estimation values for all HRV parameters were not prominent, they were relatively larger compared to the other meteorological factors, and the credible intervals were calculated as constantly positive/negative for heart rate, SDNN, and VLF. These findings may indicate relative humidity have larger impacts on our health condition. Jane W et al. stated that exposure to higher levels of relative humidity would worse heat stress by decreasing sweat regulation function \cite{Jane_2023}. Additionally, William G et al. examined the relationship between chronic pain and weather, concluding one of associated weather elements was humidity \cite{Dixon_2019}. Based on those previous studies, our discussion is reasonable and consistent with those, making sure the relationship between them is clear.

Sea-level atmospheric pressure, including mean and minimum, was estimated that it had a constantly positive credible interval for only VLF, indicating a 1-sigma increase in mean sea-level atmospheric pressure is could be related to an increase about 2.8$m^2$. For some HRV parameters, the credible intervals were slightly skewed toward positive/negative range, however, it cannot be said that there were pronounced effects by sea-level pressure from the results. Nevertheless, even though the effects were estimated small, it should not be neglected. Indeed, numerous of people think atmospheric pressure is the most related factor which could cause their weather-related symptoms \cite{wni_2020}. In addition, Sato J et al. showed lowering atmospheric pressure could cause aggravation of pain-related behavior in mice \cite{Sato_2019}. Therefore, study designs such as model structures and data collection methods should be considered to take into account that facts in further studies.

Precipitation, including total and hourly maximum, showed consistently positive/negative credible intervals and relatively larger MAP estimation values for several HRV parameters. For example, a 1-sigma decrease in total precipitation could be related to an increase 0.2 bpm for heart rate. Especially, precipitation was only one meteorological factor that was estimated constant positive/negative credible interval for LF and HF, suggesting it was more important weather element for those HRV parameters. Generally, rainfall affects on various health condition changes. Nassikas NJ et al. examined relationship between precipitation and respiratory health, arguing that greater precipitation might cause airway inflammation among patients with asthma \cite{Nassikas_2023}. Additionally, Deng X et al. investigated what weather condition could trigger mental disorders, concluding one of those was rainfall \cite{Deng_2022}. From these previous studies, rainfall is one of meteorological factors which has an impact on our health condition, and our results were partially consistent with those previous studies.

Total snowfall was analyzed that it had a consistently negative credible interval for only SDNN, indicating snowfall may cause a decrease of SDNN. Perhaps, the effect of snowfall was relatively small on our health condition, because it showed clear relation with only SDNN. There are few previous studies that focused on a relationship between snow and health, which makes it challenging to compare our findings with existing results. However, these findings could be valuable for future studies to examine differences of the results. Generally speaking, snowfall appears on colder temperature days, suggesting that temperature partially carried the effect of snowfall, which made it smaller. Additionally, it is possible that the estimations were challenging to derive accurately because the values were close to zero outside of winter season. Therefore, the reliability of these results may be limited.

Total sunshine duration showed no remarkable effects on any HRV parameters on contrast to previous studies. For example, according to some previous studies, exposure to sunshine was a important factor which considerably influence body health and even mental health \cite{Alfredsson_2020, Richard_2024, Hoel_2018}. This conflict between our results and previous studies could be a limitation of this study, highlighting room for further improvement.

Mean wind speed was calculated as influential factor for several HRV parameters, taking consistently positive/negative credible intervals for them. For instance, the MAP estimation value for heart rate was about -0.4, suggesting a 1-sigma increase in mean wind speed may cause a decrease 0.4 bpm in heart rate. William G et al. stated that wind speed had an effect on deterioration of chronic pain, which is consistent with our study. Although there are not many previous studies that investigate the relationship between health and wind speed, these consistent findings would be valuable information.

Especially, some meteorological factors showed they may have effects on HRV parameters which are related to ANS activities such as heart rate, SDNN, and HF. Some previous studies suggested that ANS activities were related to meteorological factors' changes, causing various symptoms \cite{Sato_2021, Oniszczenko_2020}. Additionally, a prior study mentioned at the beginning found that mice which were removed SNS showed no pain aggravation in low atmospheric pressure environment, but mice without the treatment had worse pain, indicating SNS is one of mechanisms that induces various symptoms affected by environment \cite{Sato_1999}. Moreover, Sato J discussed that what mechanisms underlie the influence of weather changes on chronic pains, and they pointed to importance of ANS activities \cite{Sato_2003, Sato_2015}. For example, the author stated that lowering atmospheric pressure increase SNS activities, which stimulates an activity of pain perception and induce aggravation of chronic pain. Based on those previous studies, our results were consistent with the suggestion of relationship between ANS and weather changes, supporting opinions of previous studies.



