\chapter{Future Works}

In order to eliminate the limitation mentioned above, pulse wave measurement with multiple subjects might provide more suitable data for evaluating HRV parameters compared to the bathing ECG data. Pulse wave can be continuously recorded using wearable devices throughout the day, preventing subjects from interfering their daily activities, similar to the data collection methods employed in this study. Additionally, multiple subjects' data enable us to analyze individual differences, such as gender and age, using hierarchical models [xxx].

Climate difference would be critical factor in the study area, for instance, the conflicts among previous studies described earlier might be because of variations in climate. Charlson F et al. [climate] investigated the effects of climate change on mental health condition, concluding that several climate exposures, including heat and rainfall could affect badly on mental health, leading to increases in suicide rates and psychiatric hospitalizations. Based on these findings, long-term climate change should be considered to evaluate both short-term weather changes and long-term climate changes across various regions of world. Perhaps, the global warming or an increase of abnormal weather is possibly one of significant factors influencing our health conditions. One of possible problems here is the difficulty in measuring biosignal data over a sufficiently long period to effectively assess long-term climate change.

Weather-related changes in health condition could be induced by not only weather but also the living environment, highlighting the importance of detailed environmental data. For instance, temperature conditions can vary between indoors and outdoors, and whether air conditioning is used can also affect health. Moreover, changes in atmospheric pressure can occur in various situations, such as mid-flight or during mountain climbing, potentially inducing changes in health. Indeed, room temperature has been shown to affect sleep quality and blood pressure [xxx], making it essential to consider the living environment for a more accurate analysis.

In recent weather forecasts, they not only provide basic weather information but also include "real feel" weather [wni, tenki.jp]. Lee M et al. \cite{Lee_2018} suggested that such data may have an impact on the risk of various symptoms, using dew point as an alternative measure of relative humidity. "Real feel" weather could enhance model development to analyze even subtle fluctuations in health conditions, as individual sensitivities to weather vary. From the point of view of "real feel", the database from the Japan Meteorological Agency distribute data with a restriction where values below the threshold are recorded as 0 for some meteorological factors such as rainfall. This constraint may leave room for improvements in analysis, therefore using exact data values would be one of options.

With the results of this study and the late deep neural network techniques such as large language models, a prediction regarding the onset of weather-related symptoms could become more accurate and valuable. Particularly, individual differences can be addressed through fine-tuned networks, which can provide better outputs obtained by adapting to the characteristics of individuals.

By achieving further developments from this study, we may gain insights into the mechanisms of the onset of weather-related symptoms. This could enable proactive support for patients, including medication and other strategies.
